What is cors?
Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) is an HTTP-header based mechanism that allows a server to indicate any origins (domain, scheme, or port) other than its own from which a browser should permit loading resources. CORS also relies on a mechanism by which browsers make a "preflight" request to the server hosting the cross-origin resource, in order to check that the server will permit the actual request. In that preflight, the browser sends headers that indicate the HTTP method and headers that will be used in the actual request.

2.
Firebase is a web app development platform created by Google. It lets you develop the whole app on the front-end without any server-side code. At the same time, it does let you set up some server-side logic via Firebase Functions if you need to react to certain events (creation of data or files, login, https requests) so you can send emails or push notifications or process the data after it is written.
It’s easy to start a project with Firebase or add a Firebase to your project. It allows real-time database connection, which means multiple users can see the changes in the data when the data gets created or edited. Data transmission is handled with web sockets so you don’t have to send requests to get new data, you only need to subscribe once.
The same applies for file storage. Quick setup authentication via the major providers (Google, Twitter, Facebook, GitHub). Https by default - secure http traffic without setting up certificates. Any static html/javascript content can be hosted.
Back4App
Backendless
Kuzzle
Pubnub
Kumulos
Appwrite
Deployd
NHost
AWS Amplify
Heroku


3. how does the private route work
The private route component is similar to the public route, the only change is that redirect URL and authenticate condition. If the user is not authenticated he will be redirected to the login page and the user can only access the authenticated routes If he is authenticated (Logged in).
 4. 
Node.js is an open source server environment
Node.js is free
Node.js runs on various platforms (Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X, etc.)
Node.js uses JavaScript on the server

Node.js can generate dynamic page content
Node.js can create, open, read, write, delete, and close files on the server
Node.js can collect form data
Node.js can add, delete, modify data in your database